Adds TACOS page to docs and links to it from all mentionds of TACOS (#1836)
opentofu/opentofu: website/docs/intro/tacos.mdx

---
sidebar_position: 7
sidebar_label: What are TACOS?
description: |-
  Learn all about TACOS.
---

# What are TACOS?

> 'TACOS' stands for: TF Automation and Collaboration Software. They are platforms that perform, as part of their offering, OpenTofu runs to provision infrastructure, offering a collaboration-focused environment that makes it easier for teams to use OpenTofu together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TF Automation and Collaboration Software (TACOS) are platforms which allow teams to manage and orchestrate OpenTofu execution. They offer a wide variety of services to provide a streamlined and collaborative experience.
```

# What are some examples?

> There are a few platforms that perform OpenTofu runs as part of their offering. Many of which are also our [supporters](../../../supporters).

Reviewer: This section is a bit harder to define.

```suggestion
There are a variety of platforms which offer OpenTofu support, both Open Source and Commercial. Many of these organizations support OpenTofu directly and can be found on our [supporters](../../../supporters) page.
```
